.TH "hdate_struct" 3 "26 Jan 2008" "Version 1.4" "libhdate C language" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
hdate_struct \- libhdate Hebrew date struct  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <hdate.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhd_day\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhd_mon\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhd_year\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgd_day\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgd_mon\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgd_year\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhd_dw\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhd_size_of_year\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhd_new_year_dw\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhd_year_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhd_jd\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhd_days\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhd_weeks\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
libhdate Hebrew date struct 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::hd_day\fP"
.PP
The number of day in the hebrew month (1..31). 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::hd_mon\fP"
.PP
The number of the hebrew month 1..14 (1 - tishre, 13 - adar 1, 14 - adar 2). 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::hd_year\fP"
.PP
The number of the hebrew year. 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::gd_day\fP"
.PP
The number of the day in the month. (1..31) 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::gd_mon\fP"
.PP
The number of the month 1..12 (1 - jan). 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::gd_year\fP"
.PP
The number of the year. 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::hd_dw\fP"
.PP
The day of the week 1..7 (1 - sunday). 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::hd_size_of_year\fP"
.PP
The length of the year in days. 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::hd_new_year_dw\fP"
.PP
The week day of Hebrew new year. 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::hd_year_type\fP"
.PP
The number type of year. 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::hd_jd\fP"
.PP
The Julian day number 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::hd_days\fP"
.PP
The number of days passed since 1 tishrey 
.SS "int \fBhdate_struct::hd_weeks\fP"
.PP
The number of weeks passed since 1 tishrey 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libhdate C language from the source code.
