.\" .UC 4
.TH "HDATE" "1" "2 Mar 2005" "Yaacov Zamir" "libhdate"
.SH "NAME"
hdate \- Hebrew date and calendar
.PP 
example programs for libhdate, a library that help use Hebrew dates.
.PP 
LibHdate is a small C,C++ library for Hebrew dates,
holidays, and reading sequence (parasha). It is using 
the source code from Amos Shapir's "hdate" package fixed and 
patched by Nadav Har'El. The Torah reading sequence
is from tables by Zvi Har'El.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B hdate
[\-soctShHrRjdi]
.PP
[\-L longitude \-l latitude]
[\-z timezone]
.PP
[[[day] month] year]/[julian_day]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.I Hdate
translates the specified date to the Hebrew calendar.
If no arguments are given, it uses today's date.
`month' is a number between 1 and 12.
.PP 
If the year is greater than 3000
.I hdate
takes the given date as a Hebrew date, and translates it
back to the common calendar. If argument is greater than 100000 
.I hdate 
takes it as the Julian day number.
Months are numbered with Tishrey being 1 and Elul 12; Adar I and Adar II are months 13 and 14.
.PP
.I \-s 
: Print sunrise/sunset times.
.PP
.I \-c 
: Print Shabat enter/leave times. 
Shabat starts 20 min before sunset, 
and exits when three stars are out. 
.PP
.I \-t 
: Print day times list.
.PP
first light, talit, sunrise, mid day, sunset, first stars, three stars. 
.PP
.I \-S 
: Print using short format.
.PP
.I \-h 
: Print holidays.
.PP
.I \-o 
: Print Sfirat Ha Omer.
.PP
.I \-H 
: Print just holidays.
.PP
.I \-r 
: Print weekly reading on Saturday.
.PP
.I \-R 
: Print just weekly reading on Saturday.
.PP
.I \-j 
: Print Julian day number.
.PP
.I \-d 
: Use diaspora reading and holidays.
.PP
.I \-i 
:  Use iCal formatted output.
.PP
.I \-l 
xx : Set the latitude for solar calculations to
.PP
xx degrees.  Negative values are south.
.PP
.I \-L 
xx : Set the longitude for solar calculations to
.PP
xx degrees.  *Negative values are EAST*.
.PP
.I \-z 
: Use specified timezone.
.PP
( default location for sunrise/set is Tel Aviv ).
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.B hdate -Hi 2025
.PP
Creates an iCal calendar of the holidays of year 2025.
.PP
.B hdate -sR 4 2031 -l29 -L34 -z2
.PP
Print out the weekly readings and sunset/sunrise times in Eilat on April 2031.
.PP  
.PP
.B Useful locations and time zones
.PP
Eilat : 29, 34, 2
.PP
Haifa : 32, 34, 2
.PP
Jerusalem : 31, 35, 2
.PP
Tel Aviv : 32, 34, 2
.PP
Ashdod : 31, 34, 2
.PP
Beer Sheva : 31, 34, 2
.PP
Tiberias : 32, 35, 2
.PP
.PP
London : 51, 0, 0
.PP
Paris : 48, 2, 1
.PP
New York : 40, \-74, -5
.PP
Moscow : 55, 37, 3
.PP
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
date(1), cal(1), hcal(1), hebcal(1), remind(1), hdate.h(3), hdate_struct(3)
.SH "AUTHOR"
Yaacov Zamir 2005, 2010 text copied from Amos Shapir's hdate man file.
